{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red118\green118\blue118;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22880\viewh18960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Bring with you the hotspot list of Provinciawifi: the European widest free Wi-Fi service!\uc0\u8232 \u8232 No Internet connection is required by this application.\u8232 \u8232 - Find access points closest to you with geolocalization on an offline map of the\'a0entire territory of the province of Rome.\u8232 \u8232 - Browse the list of more that 800 hotspots divided in Municipality.\u8232 \u8232 - If an Internet connection is available\'a0it's possible to update the hotspot list: you'll always have an updated list of Provinciawifi's access points!\u8232 \u8232 Provinciawifi Offline Map contains the hotspot list of the famous free Wi-Fi service provided by the Province of Rome. This application permits to browse hotspot list in tabular form or to navigate an offline map.\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Notes\u8232 This app requires iOS 5 or later.\u8232 \u8232 Provinciawifi Offline Map was not commissioned and is neither sponsored nor approved by the Wi-Fi service owners.\u8232 \u8232 All descriptive and positional data for the hotspots are obtained from publicly available sources maintained by the owners of the Wi-Fi service. The author cannot be liable for the truthfulness or the completeness of these data.\u8232 \u8232 Thanks to the Province of Rome for the kind permission to use the hotspot icons.}